combine installation+supported os pages (#2274)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/getting_started/installation.mdx

> # Installation and supported operating systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Installation and operating systems
```

- [Koyeb](/learn/cookbooks/koyeb.md)
- [Qovery](/learn/cookbooks/qovery.md)
- [Railway](/learn/cookbooks/railway.md)

## Supported operating systems

> This section lists operating systems Meilisearch officially supports and tests with every new release. Meilisearch binaries might still run in unsupported environments. Refer to the [changelog](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliSearch/releases) for more information on operating system support changes.

Reviewer: To me it does not seem helpful to point people to the changelog for information about operating system support, as any relevant info will be buried among a lot of other stuff. This page exists to collect that information so I don't see the value in sending people elsewhere.

```suggestion
This section lists operating systems Meilisearch officially supports and tests with every new release. Meilisearch binaries might still run in unsupported environments. 
```

> If the provided [binaries](/learn/getting_started/installation.md#local-installation) don't work for you, try building Meilisearch from source. If compilation fails, Meilisearch is not compatible with your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the provided [binaries](/learn/getting_started/installation.md#local-installation) do not work on your operating system, try building Meilisearch [from source](#local-installation). If compilation fails, Meilisearch is not compatible with your machine.
```
